RHIDP-3728 [Docs] Document Deployment customization configuration for Operator (#496)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/admin/con-rhdh-deployment-config.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
// assembly-rhdh-operator-deployment-config

[id="con-rhdh-deployment-config_{context}"]

> = {product} deployment configuration

Reviewer: This is a brand new mmethod to configure product.

Consider:

* Including rather in assemblies/assembly-add-custom-app-file-openshift.adoc

* Transforming into a procedure with Title: Configuring product on OCP using the operator

* Adding an example that specifically configures the  "app-config-rhdh.yaml" or "app-config.yaml" file.

* Make this procedure the first one in assembly-add-custom-app-file-openshift.adoc

* This new procedure should replace the Adding a custom application configuration file procedure (that was actually a workaround to avoid the file to be rewritten by the operator).

Author: Does this apply to only OpenShift? Or does it apply to all platforms?

Reviewer 2: This is about configuring how the RHDH Deployment should look like at the infra level (like adding new labels, a new sidecar container, adding volumes, using a different storage class, ...).
`assemblies/assembly-add-custom-app-file-openshift.adoc` is mostly about the application configuration.
So to me, they are quite unrelated.

> = {product} deployment configuration

Reviewer: Consider transforming this into a procedure.

> As of 1.3, the {product} operator exposes a new `rhdh.redhat.com/v1alpha2` API Version of its Custom Resource Definition (CRD). This CRD exposes a generic `spec.deployment.patch` field, which gives you full control over the RHDH Deployment resource. This field can be a fragment of the standard `apps.Deployment` Kubernetes object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {product} operator exposes a new `rhdh.redhat.com/v1alpha2` API Version of its Custom Resource Definition (CRD). This CRD exposes a generic `spec.deployment.patch` field, which gives you full control over the RHDH Deployment resource. This field can be a fragment of the standard `apps.Deployment` Kubernetes object.
```

Wondering if we need the version here. This will be part of the docs for 1.3+ anyway, so not included in prior versions. WDYT?

Author: Hrm...if this isn't back ported to v1.2, and/or v.1.1, it might be beneficial for the user to know this has only been available starting with 1.3, but also, I don't know enough about the user base yet to know if they always update, and don't know enough about the product to know if it always automatically updates and there isn't a way for users to continue remaining on 1.1 or 1.2.

However, mentioning this in 1.3 Release Notes, and noting that this is available in 1.3+, makes sense. So including 1.3 here won't be needed. OK. Will make the change. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this should definitely not be backported to 1.2 or 1.1, because the operator in these previous versions will not handle this new `v1alpha2` API version in the Custom Resource.
As I understand the docs on docs.redhat.com, users need to pick a version of the product anyway: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.2 , so they should only see this in 1.3+

> However, mentioning this in 1.3 Release Notes, and noting that this is available in 1.3+, makes sense.

Yes, the engineering JIRA issue that added this should normally have the Release Notes field filled. cc @gazarenkov

Author: Yep, users can pick a version of the product and see docs specific to that version. Docs can be cherry-picked back to previous versions if whatever is being documented also applies to previous versions.

Appreciate the clarification that this will not be back ported!

For example, the following specification fragment will:

> * Add an additional volume named `my-volume` and mount it under `/my/path` in the Developer Hub application container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add an additional volume named `my-volume` and mount it under `/my/path` in the {product-short} application container.
```

* Replace the default `dynamic-plugins-root` volume with a persistent volume claim (PVC) named `dynamic-plugins-root`. Note the `$patch: replace` directive, otherwise a new volume will be added.

> * Set the CPU request for the Developer Hub application container to 250m.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Set the CPU request for the {product-short} application container to 250m.
```

> * Set the label `my=true` for the Developer Hub Pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Set the label `my=true` for the {product-short} Pod.
```

> * Add a new `my-sidecar` sidecar container into the Developer Hub Pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add a new `my-sidecar` sidecar container into the {product-short} Pod.
```

[NOTE]
====

> To learn more about merging, see [Strategic Merge Patch](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-api-machinery/strategic-merge-patch.md#basic-patch-format).

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ce461a48-c83d-4665-be81-01e171c983b2)

Whoops, I thought it was markdown, but this is Asciidoc. I guess the link format needs to be adjusted.

Author: :facepalm: my bad. Thanks for catching it!
